String Exercise
1. Write a ts program to find length of a string.
2. Write a ts program to copy one string to another string.
3. Write a ts program to concatenate two strings.
4. Write a ts program to compare two strings.
5. Write a ts program to convert lowercase string to uppercase.
6. Write a ts program to convert uppercase string to lowercase.
7. Write a ts program to toggle case of each character of a string.
8. Write a ts program to find total number of alphabets, digits or special character in a string.
9. Write a ts program to count total number of vowels and consonants in a string.
10. Write a ts program to count total number of words in a string.
11. Write a ts program to find reverse of a string.
12. Write a ts program to check whether a string is palindrome or not.
13. Write a ts program to reverse order of words in a given string
14. Write a ts program to find first occurrence of a character in a given string.
15. Write a ts program to find last occurrence of a character in a given string.
16. Write a ts program to search all occurrences of a character in given string.
17. Write a ts program to count occurrences of a character in given string.
18. Write a ts program to find highest frequency character in a string.
19. Write a ts program to find lowest frequency character in a string.
20. Write a ts program to count frequency of each character in a string.
21. Write a ts program to remove first occurrence of a character from string.
22. Write a ts program to remove last occurrence of a character from string.
23. Write a ts program to remove all occurrences of a character from string.
24. Write a ts program to remove all repeated characters from a given string.
25. Write a ts program to replace first occurrence of a character with another in a string.
26. Write a ts program to replace last occurrence of a character with another in a string.
27. Write a ts program to replace all occurrences of a character with another in a string.
28. Write a ts program to find first occurrence of a word in a given string.
29. Write a ts program to find last occurrence of a word in a given string.
30. Write a ts program to search all occurrences of a word in given string.
31. Write a ts program to count occurrences of a word in a given string.
32. Write a ts program to remove first occurrence of a word from string.
33. Write a ts program to remove last occurrence of a word in given string.
34. Write a ts program to remove all occurrence of a word in given string.
35. Write a ts program to trim leading white space characters from given string.
36. Write a ts program to trim trailing white space characters from given string.
37. Write a ts program to trim both leading and trailing white space characters from given string.
38. Write a ts program to remove all extra blank spaces from given string.

conditional operators programming exercises

1. Write a ts program to find maximum between two numbers using conditional operator.
2. Write a ts program to find maximum between three numbers using conditional operator.
3. Write a ts program to check whether a number is even or odd using conditional operator.
4. Write a ts program to check whether year is leap year or not using conditional operator.
5. Write a ts program to check whether character is an alphabet or not using conditional operator.

List of switch case programming exercises

1. Write a ts program to print day of week name using switch case.
2. Write a ts program print total number of days in a month using switch case.
3. Write a ts program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.
4. Write a ts program to find maximum between two numbers using switch case.
5. Write a ts program to check whether a number is even or odd using switch case.
6. Write a ts program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case.
7. Write a ts program to find roots of a quadratic equation using switch case.
8. Write a ts program to create Simple Calculator using switch case.